# Tracker Report Generation

# Generating a Tracker Report to a PDF File (Windows Only)

The **Generate Tracker Report** plugin automatically generates a PDF file containing all of the tracker items you specify for the project to date.&nbsp; You can specify a different report be generated that includes the internal notes and action items.&nbsp; The report will have "Internal" at the end of the name, if it contains items marked as internal.&nbsp; Internal reports are never automatically emailed.

&nbsp;

**Report File Names and Locations**

The plugin looks for a **File/Folder Location** with a description of ***"Project Folder"*** to determine where to save the generated reports.&nbsp; See [Project Information Panel](<ProjectPage.md>) to learn about **File/Folder Location**.&nbsp; Reports are placed in the sub-folder **"Issues List"** found in the specified ***"Project Folder"***.

&nbsp;

The **Archive Meeting Notes** report is generated by copying the **"Tracker Items Template.xls"** file found in **"Project Notes\\plugins\\templates"** to the **"Project Folder\\Issues List**".&nbsp; By using OLE Automation for Microsoft Excel ([OLE Automation Wiki](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OLE\_Automation>)), the plugin opens and edits the template file filling in values, copying rows, and saving it to a PDF.&nbsp; Because the plugin is automating the activity of an outside application unpredictable situations may occur.&nbsp; If the script fails, you may want to close all Excel documents open by automation.&nbsp; To clean up stray Excel processes choose the **Close Stranded Excel** plugin from the **Plugins** menu.&nbsp; You may then need to open Excel and clear out any warnings or errors.

&nbsp;

**Email Options**

By default the plugin will not automatically add recipients.&nbsp; It will create an email subject with the **Project Number**, **Project Name**, and **Date**.&nbsp; By default the Excel contents are copied and pasted into the email.&nbsp; However, you can choose to email an Excel or PDF attached version instead.

&nbsp;

**To generate a tracker report:**

1. Right-click on the project in the **Project List Panel**.
1. Choose **Generate Tracker Report**.
1. Check **Display report when complete**, if you want to open the PDF version after it is generated.
1. Check **Generate Internal Report**, if you want the report to include internal items.
1. Check **Generate Excel Report**, if you want to keep the Excel file used to generate the PDF.
1. Check **Tracker Items**, if you want to include them.
1. Check the ***Include Types*** you want to see **Action** Items and/or **Tracker Items**.
1. Check the ***Include Status*** you want to see on the report: **New**, **Assigned**, **Resolved**, **Deferred**, and/or **Canceled**.
1. Choose the type of email to send in the **Email Options** section.
1. Click **OK** to send generate the report.
1. If you did not choose **Do not email**, follow the steps below.
1. Make **Outlook** the active application with Alt+Tab or click the **Outlook** icon in the task bar.
1. Edit your email contents in **Outlook**.
1. Click **Send** to send the email.

&nbsp;


***
_Created with the Personal Edition of HelpNDoc: [Write eBooks for the Kindle](<https://www.helpndoc.com/feature-tour/create-ebooks-for-amazon-kindle>)_
